add note on usage of CG calendar (#52)
w3c-cg/solid: CONTRIBUTING.md

5. Squash merge the PR once substantial feedback has been reviewed and
   integrated for publication.

## CG Calendar

https://www.w3.org/groups/cg/solid/calendar/

CG Chairs have permissions to edit the calendar. Few things to keep in mind

> * Be mindful with automated notifications, consider saving changes without sending notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Be mindful of automated notifications; consider saving changes without sending notifications.
```

> * When adding specific agenda, use *Edit this event*. *Edit this and future events* should only be used with generic changes valid across all future events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When adding specific agenda, use *Edit this event*. *Edit this and future events* should only be used for generic changes that are valid across all future events.
```
